{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red22\green79\blue199;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red24\green25\blue27;\red167\green0\blue95;\red46\green49\blue51;\red24\green112\blue43;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c9804\c40392\c82353;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c72157\c2353\c44706;\cssrgb\c23529\c25098\c26275;\cssrgb\c9412\c50196\c21961;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /* PROJECT: Logistics & Supply Chain Efficiency Analysis AUTHOR: Jonathan Parada TOOLS: Google BigQuery (SQL), Looker Studio OBJECTIVE: Calculating lead times and identifying warehouse bottlenecks. */ -- -- CODE #1: INITIAL DIRECT JOIN (Baseline Lead Time) -- \
-- PURPOSE: To quickly calculate the Average Lead Time by connecting -- order_items directly to distribution_centers. -- \
-- THE LOGIC: It used inventory_item_id as the primary key to find -- which warehouse shipped which order. -- \
-- OUTCOME: Successfully calculated the company-wide average of 2.66 days, -- but resulted in "null" values for the Warehouse Names in Looker Studio -- due to inconsistent ID mapping in the raw dataset.
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 SELECT\cf5 \strokec5  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4   \strokec2 items.order_id\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \strokec2 dist.name\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 center_name\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \strokec2 items.created_at\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 order_date\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \strokec2 items.shipped_at\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \strokec2 items.delivered_at\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \cf6 \strokec6 -- This calculates days from order to shipment\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\cb4   \cf3 \strokec3 DATE_DIFF\cf7 \strokec7 (\cf5 \strokec2 items.shipped_at\strokec5 , \strokec2 items.created_at\strokec5 , \strokec2 DAY\cf7 \strokec7 )\cf5 \strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 days_to_ship\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \cf6 \strokec6 -- This calculates total days from order to front door\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\cb4   \cf3 \strokec3 DATE_DIFF\cf7 \strokec7 (\cf5 \strokec2 items.delivered_at\strokec5 , \strokec2 items.created_at\strokec5 , \strokec2 DAY\cf7 \strokec7 )\cf5 \strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 total_lead_time\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 FROM\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 `bigquery-public-data.thelook_ecommerce.order_items`\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 items\cb1 \strokec5 \
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 LEFT\cf5 \strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 JOIN\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 `bigquery-public-data.thelook_ecommerce.distribution_centers`\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 dist\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4   \cf3 \strokec3 ON\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 items.inventory_item_id\strokec5  = \strokec2 dist.id\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 WHERE\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 items.status\strokec5  = \cf8 \strokec8 'Complete'\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 -- CODE #2: THE "BRIDGE" QUERY (Final Data Integrity Solution) -- \
-- PURPOSE: To resolve the "null" data gap and successfully map -- performance metrics to specific geographic locations. -- \
-- THE LOGIC: Instead of a direct jump, I engineered a multi-table JOIN -- using the products table as a "bridge". -- Logic Flow: Order Items -> Products -> Distribution Centers. --\
-- WHY I SWITCHED: The initial inventory_item_id link was inconsistent -- in the dataset. By switching to a Product-to-Warehouse mapping, -- I ensured 100% data integrity, allowing names like Chicago IL and -- Memphis TN to appear in the final executive report.
\f1 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 SELECT\cf5 \strokec5  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4   \strokec2 oi.order_id\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \strokec2 dc.name\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 center_name\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \strokec2 oi.created_at\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 order_date\strokec5 ,\cb1 \
\cb4   \cf3 \strokec3 DATE_DIFF\cf7 \strokec7 (\cf5 \strokec2 oi.delivered_at\strokec5 , \strokec2 oi.created_at\strokec5 , \strokec2 DAY\cf7 \strokec7 )\cf5 \strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 total_lead_time\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 FROM\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 `bigquery-public-data.thelook_ecommerce.order_items`\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 oi\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb4 \strokec6 -- This connects the order to the product\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 JOIN\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 `bigquery-public-data.thelook_ecommerce.products`\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 p\strokec5  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4   \cf3 \strokec3 ON\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 oi.product_id\strokec5  = \strokec2 p.id\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb4 \strokec6 -- This connects the product to the specific warehouse\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 JOIN\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 `bigquery-public-data.thelook_ecommerce.distribution_centers`\strokec5  \cf3 \strokec3 AS\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 dc\strokec5  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4   \cf3 \strokec3 ON\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 p.distribution_center_id\strokec5  = \strokec2 dc.id\cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 WHERE\cf5 \strokec5  \strokec2 oi.status\strokec5  = \cf8 \strokec8 'Complete'\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
}